for example game one i want to create a room called "Cipher Chamber"
that has binary coded inside of it 
puzzle 1:(question, answer ,clue)

Question: "I am a sequence of digits, but I only know 0s and 1s. When you add my values together, you get a perfect square. What am I?"
Clue: "Think about numbers that computers love to talk in!"
Answer: "10000 (16 in binary, and 1+0+0+0+0 = 1, which is a perfect square)."



puzzle 2:(question, answer ,clue)


Question: "I am a 7-bit binary number. When my digits are interpreted as a decimal number,
 they represent a prime number. When converted to ASCII, I am a character used in many 
 programming languages to represent a newline. What am I?"

Clue: "Look for a binary sequence that translates to a symbol commonly used to start a new line."
Answer: "0000100 (4 in decimal, which is a prime number, and in ASCII, it represents the 'ASCII Horizontal Tab' character. 
This is a trickier one because the newline character is actually '0000100', 
but ASCII is not strictly a newline—often '\n' in ASCII would be 10 in decimal)."



puzzle 3: 

Question: "I am a binary number that is 8 bits long. When you convert me to decimal, I give you the total number of days in a non-leap year. My binary representation starts with '0001'. What am I?"
Clue: "Consider how many days are in a standard year and how that might be represented in binary."
Answer: "00100111 (which is 365 in decimal, representing the number of days in a non-leap year)."



Additional Escape Room Elements You Might Want to Add:

Timer:
You could add a time limit for solving all the puzzles to increase the challenge, just like in real escape rooms.






Score or Attempts Tracking:
You could track how many attempts or incorrect answers the player has made and use that as part of the escape room scoring.






















Different Rooms:
Eventually, you could expand by adding more rooms (not just the Cipher Chamber) with different themes and puzzles.
Winning or Losing:

You can set conditions for winning (like solving all the puzzles) or losing (like running out of time or attempts).


for example i want to click on 

!start  ja w 
the bot response : will be something like , WELCOME TO THIS ESCAPE ROOM GAME , HERES THE AVAILABLE  Rooms choose one to ENTER 